Imagen Documentation (#8776)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: docs-devsite/vertexai.vertexaimodel.md

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |

> |  [model](./vertexai.vertexaimodel.md#vertexaimodelmodel) |  | string | The fully qualified model resource name to use for generating images (e.g. <code>publishers/google/models/imagen-3.0-generate-002</code>). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  [model](./vertexai.vertexaimodel.md#vertexaimodelmodel) |  | string | The fully qualified model resource name to use for generating images (for example, <code>publishers/google/models/imagen-3.0-generate-002</code>). |
```

## VertexAIModel.model

> The fully qualified model resource name to use for generating images (e.g. `publishers/google/models/imagen-3.0-generate-002`<!-- -->).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fully qualified model resource name to use for generating images (for example, `publishers/google/models/imagen-3.0-generate-002`<!-- -->).
```
